Weren't you pretty just now?
See how I pay tonight
How old are you?
You can do it, I'll let you see my ability today
You're a little young
We'll see.
The boss is him
Miss Next Door Film and Television Guitar President
Mr. Lin is really a beautiful beauty
Who are you?
Let me introduce myself. My name is Queen Bee Xu Jiang
The queen bee who likes to bury people alive
Have you heard of it?
I don't know. What's the matter?
I am entrusted by Mr. Zhang
The 10 million you Lam owe him
If you don't pay it back today
Please go back to the meat farm
Are you going by yourself?
Or a few brothers to help?
That's a loan shark from my dad's motherland
None of my business
Ouch, sorry, sorry.
But there is a debt in my king's dictionary
Let's go
Don't mess around
I have a boyfriend